README.md, before:

# QuoteJar

QuoteJar let's you easily store the cute things your kids say (or the awful things your enemies say),
including the date quoted and the age the child (or enemy) was when quoted. 

## Usage

To install from the command line: gem install 'quotejar'

Once installed, in IRB enter "require 'quotejar'", and then enter "start".
You will be prompted to enter a child's name. If you have entered information
for this childed previously, you will be prompted to enter a new quote or list
all quotes saved for that child. If the child has not been stored previously,
you will be prompted to save the child by entering the child's birthday, and
then will be able to enter new quotes.

Creating a new child will create a .yaml file to start that child's name, birthday and quotes.
Creating new entries for an existing child will update that child's .yaml file.

If you get booted out of the program during an IRB session, typing 'start' will begin QuoteJar again. 

## Features To Come

- Ability to search quotes by date or age
- Better tests

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/jtrudell/quotejar/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

note about where .yaml stored

README.md, after:

# QuoteJar

QuoteJar let's you easily store the cute things your kids say (or the awful things your enemies say),
including the date quoted and the age the child (or enemy) was when quoted. 

## Usage

To install from the command line: gem install 'quotejar'

Once installed, in IRB enter "require 'quotejar'", and then enter "start".
You will be prompted to enter a child's name. If you have entered information
for this childed previously, you will be prompted to enter a new quote or list
all quotes saved for that child. If the child has not been stored previously,
you will be prompted to save the child by entering the child's birthday, and
then will be able to enter new quotes.

Creating a new child will create a .yaml file to store that child's name, birthday and quotes.
Creating new entries for an existing child will update that child's .yaml file.
Note: The .yaml file will be created in the directory where you have started your IRB session. Make sure
you use the same directory each time if you want to load previously create .yaml files.

If you get booted out of the program during an IRB session, typing 'start' will begin QuoteJar again. 

## Features To Come

- Ability to search quotes by date or age
- Better tests
- User to specify where to store .yaml files for each child

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/jtrudell/quotejar/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
